the aftermath of an Israeli air strike
on yet another heavily populated area in
Gaza Palestinian parents in darel bah
were only trying to feed their children
but within seconds Israeli missiles
Reign down on the area where they were
seeking
shelter we woke up this morning and were
preparing breakfast for our children all
of a sudden missiles were fired on a
passing car everyone inside was killed
my family threw themselves to the ground
some fainted and others cried in fear my
sister and two of my in-laws were
injured and taken to
hospital the Israeli military has
intensified its attacks on the central
Gaza
stre forcefully death placed
Palestinians fled here after Israel
declared a safe Zone but the reality is
far from that claim this car has been
attacked it's a police
that at least eight Palestinian police
officers have been killed without
getting any prior warning they were
responsible on securing and maintaining
control in the Palestinian sever of
front as uh the attack has been carried
out in one of the most densely populated
areas where dozens of civilians have
been reported injured in light of these
ongoing unrelenting Israeli attacks on
the Gaza Strip injured Palestinians are
being taken to the nearby and
overwhelmed alaka
Hospital children children are again
among them unable to grasp the brutality
of Israel's
war but too often they AR in budy
backs my son Wasim bring me my son bring
him my son did nothing to deserve being
killed he went outside to play with his
friends he never came
back players for the war to and Eco all
across the G trip more than
36550 Palestinians have now been killed
since October but as Israel's war near
its eighth month its F right leaders
have voted to continue their
assault Taz Al jazer gah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer